Update deployment walkthrough to allow configurable domain (#218)
mspnp/aks-secure-baseline: 02-ca-certificates.md

>    Create the certificate for Azure Application Gateway with a common name of `bicycle.contoso.com`.

Author: I'm struggling to come up with a good way to rephrase this. Maybe something like

Create the certificate for Azure Application Gateway with a common name for your domain. For example, `bicycle.contoso.com`."

Reviewer: Could even drop the common name part out:

```suggestion
   Create the certificate that will be presented to web clients by Azure Application Gateway for your domain.
```

What do ya think?

Author: 👍 I like it.

   > :book: Contoso Bicycle will also procure another TLS certificate, a standard cert, to be used with the AKS Ingress Controller. This one is not EV, as it will not be user facing. Finally the app team decides to use a wildcard certificate of `*.aks-ingress.contoso.com` for the ingress controller.

   ```bash

>    openssl req -x509 -nodes -days 365 -newkey rsa:2048 -out traefik-ingress-internal-aks-ingress-contoso-com-tls.crt -keyout traefik-ingress-internal-aks-ingress-contoso-com-tls.key -subj "/CN=*.aks-ingress.${DOMAIN_NAME}/O=Contoso Aks Ingress"

Reviewer: Looks like the filenames here are going to be misleading as well.  I noticed that the Key Vault names suffer from the same thing (E.g. it's expecting the key to be called `traefik-ingress-internal-aks-ingress-contoso-com-tls`.  We should probably make those names more generic if we're going to go down this path, instead of it being mixed like it is being proposed.

Reviewer: Looks like you found them all, nice.
